Hey, guys, what's up?
This was a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial here on this course on Ruby and Desideria.
We are going to be covering a very interesting topic that is stirring interpellation.
Now, before you understand a string interpellation, you need to know that.
You can stick a string together by using the plus operator.
Now, how this is going to be done.
So let me just show you a quick example of how you can stick strings together by using the plus operator
before we go on to the string interpolation topic, because that is very necessary to understand here.
So just want to add more here.
And what we will do is that we will say to specify a variable that is name.
We will make it equal to, let's say, a world.
And then what we are going to do is we are going to use sports.
We are going to specify hello.
Let's come over here as well.
Then we are going to use the blast operator.
We are going to specify name which stores this will do a hill, a space, then a plus sign a game.
Then the petition marks and then an exclamation marks, which means that it is going to print hello
a then it is going to.
Use this name, which is wild, and add this with this hello, and then it is also going to add this
exclamation mark.
So if I just run this code, you're going to see that we have.
Hello.
Come over here.
So to make it look a bit more good, let's just add a special here or run it again.
And as you can see, that it looks much better now.
Hello.
Would always just remove this comment from here as well.
Run this again and have a word and an exclamation mark.
Perfect.
Now, gluing strings together like this works and you can always do it.
But there is another method of accomplishing the very same thing which you have done right now, and
that method is basically widely used and usually it is preffered work and captivating strings with this
plus operator.
Now, that method is basically called the string interpolation and how it works.
You have to just add certain lines or help.
Now, this line over here is going to be the very same that is name equal to what we are going to be
using this.
Hello.
And we are going to just remove this stuff from here.
And in the very same exclamation mark, what we are going to do is that we are going to specify a hashtag.
And when you specify a hash tag between the quotation marks, these brackets are going to be generated
by default, not, as you can see, if outside the brackets, the quotation marks, I just specify a
hash tag, then you know that this hash tag is basically going to be used for comments and we have to
specify commenced using that.
And basically that is what is basically not considered by the editorial.
But in this, a double quotation marks, when I specify this hashtag, you saw that these two brackets
were generated automatically by the editor.
Now, what you can do is that whatever you want to can get engaged with this.
Hello.
You can just specify to where I want to concatenate the name over here and lets it on to specify an
exclamation mark.
Wilhelm So that exclamation mark is basically going to be treated as a part of this quotation mark.
And this name is basically what is called string interpolation.
And name is going to be basically concatenated with this hello and this exclamation mark.
And so if I just press all our hair, you can see that hello world has been printed in the very same
way which we done using the operator.
So by using this syntax, everything between the opening that was hashtag and this curly brackets opening
and the closing, that was this curly brackets, because it is evaluated as a ruby chord and the result
of this evaluation will be embedded into the string that is surrounding it.
And in this case, the surrounding string is this.
Hello.
And this exclamation mark or.
In other words, when Ruby finds this hashtag and this name thing or here in the string, then it will
evaluate the piece of code that is the Ruby code, that is name.
It finds that this is a variable which is declared right at the top here.
So it returns the value of the variable, which is the string void in this case.
So it embeds it into the string.
Hello, by replacing this thing with this tangle head, that is basically this variable over here that
is named.
Now, we can also finally explain the difference between strings created with single and double goals,
now string interpolation only work with double chords.
Now, what does that mean?
Let me just give you a quick example for this as well.
So let's just simply remove this from here.
And I will just write in votes and I will just specify that very specific line that is interpolation.
Works.
With.
Double.
Caudate strength's.
Now, down here, what I'm going to do is that I'm going to specify votes or let's just specify it right
at the top between the strings.
So I'll just specify here hashtag and I will just specify a one plus two will help.
Now, what I will do is that I will specify one more line of a hill and then you can just notice the
difference for yourself.
We are going to specify interpellation.
Does not work with.
Single.
Gob's.
Specify a column or hashtag, specify one plus two.
So now if I just run this code, you are going to see the difference that how interpellation works with
double coded strings, but not with a single condition, single digit strings.
We have to just specify single quotes over here, not double quotes.
So just replace them with single quotes.
So I guess that's perfect.
Now, I guess you can see the difference with the colors over here as well.
But let me just run this code and then I'll show you.
Now, as you can see that it says interpellation works with double codes.
And as you can see that since interpellation works with double coded strings, that's why it treated
it as an expression of something that has to be added.
So it added those numbers and has given me some.
That is three but four single coded string.
As I told you, that interpolation does not work with single codes.
That why that was what this was also treated as a part of the string and was printed as it is on the
output screen, as you can see, Ohayon.
So.
If you are using the double quotation strings, that interpellation is a very important concept and
it is going to help you a lot.
So if you type the code above in your editor and the syntax highlighting for the Ruby code is used,
it should highlight the code in the double coded string.
So it give you a visual clue about the interpolation, as you can see, with the red and the green color.
So now the question is that why do people prefer the string interpolation, first of all?
Again, it's slightly fewer letters to type in our example.
That's just a very small example.
No big deal.
However, consider a very long string which is constructed using, let's say, three, four or more
rate variables.
Not this extra space quickly adds up and thinks one would not nice fit fit nicely on a single line anymore.
Also, many people find that the syntax reads a bit better.
There is a little bit less cholesterol, making it a little bit easier to see what's going on in your
code.
One other would be a pretty negligible reason is that string interpolation actually uses very less resources.
For example, in your previous court, let me just press control, is that sometimes.
And there's just shoestring interpellation of a hill that was hallow than a hashtag.
Name and then the exclamation mark for him now in this school that we're here.
That was hello, hash tag name.
That is this bottle here.
It creates one single new string object and then embeds the existing string that was called into it.
Now the code hello plus name plus that was used by concatenating strings using the plus.
It creates three new string objects.
First, it creates the string that was the exclamation mark.
Then it passes it to the method last on the existing string that was void.
The operator plus returns a new string, which now is well.
Now, this string is passed to the method plus on hello, which again creates a new string.
Hello World.
So basically that was a long process going on using a lot of resources.
So what string interpolation does?
It is actually reduces the number of resources being used.
String and imagination creates two more string objects.
Even in our very simple example, these intermediate objects are immediately going to be discarded because
they are not used anymore.
We are only interested in the final result, that is.
Hello.
Well, in our case, if I just press on or you can see how the world of a hill.
So we recommend you that you get used to be using string interpolation just because this is what most
developers use, your job is going to be done using the other method as well, which was when I just
write in votes and then you have to specify hello, then you have to specify this class operator, then
you have to specify name, then you have to specify as operator.
Then you have to specify caller, and then you specify this exclamation mark.
So your work can be done using this second method as well.
But string interpolation is, as they told you, that is what most developers use, so you must get
used to it.
So this is a very interesting concept, not that difficult.
You need to understand what is going on basically with this thing only, and then you will be able to
understand what a string interpolation, actually, and then you will also be able to understand that
what is the advantage of using this method or this method and how this method uses less resources as
compared to this, as this creates three new string objects and this basically discard everything when
it is not in use, when the output is printed.
That is Halad in our case.
So I guess you have understood what a string interpolation, why it is useful, how is better as compared
to normal concatenation using the press operator.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial as well.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching and I will see you guys in the next tutorial.